## Meeting: 2022-12-01
- Agenda
### THURSDAY 1800 IST 1230 UTC 2022-12-01
* debrief on UN presentation.
* what worked
* what didn't work
* what impact we had
* follow ups
* cleaning up (making sure we have all the material documented and archived
* protocol for next time
* daily/weekly timetable 
* chapters web pages (need to be able to display each chapter instantly to the world)
* contents 
- title,
- toc,
- exec summary,
- intro,
- faqs,
- knowledge gaps
- editor comments
- MD files for hyperbook
- use of github/discussions to keep notes
- our working practices are part of our output! They must be a showcase

### Meeting diccussion
Presentation to UN, GITA Talk
* Aim: non technical audience message is more important then technical issue 
* Brand semanticClimate works
* We have produced new slides Peter, Gita, Manny
* yesterday was political meeting 
* Giving messege is important.

 
need to be present

* Grants:

* How we can manage we will get fund from that

* Intraction with public

* next Hackathon for wikimedian
 
 
 
## FRIDAY 2022-12-02 0900UTC 1430 IST and/or 1230 UTC 1800 IST
* @GY would like to join us on Fridays. We have provisionally found that 0900 UTC is a good time for new intake. My suggestion was that we make this regular but ALSO have a less frequent meeting at 1230 UTC that @Manny and @GY

 
### Meeting Discussions:
* Gita mailed others

* Peter collegues applied for fellowship. Hypothetical apply for fellowship

* FELLOWSHIPS

#### upscaling #semanticClimate

* clear vision
* few minutes-
* Where we end, 
* we need to something,

### Central dictionary 

WE need IPCC onboarding 

#### Independent website Karthik. Karthik- what`s happening on website

* Next Technical Hackathon: In Janurary  

##### Grants for dict.

* UNDP head of india. very successful meeting will SPARC

Issue: UNlibrary did`t target us 
because lack of contacts 

#### What can we add to this 
Political meeting
Focus on grants 
Work on grants
go back to Nick Shockey 
 
#### software respond 
2 days to install py4ami
*  virtual env.
Hosting vml file
 
Angram: Yake, Rake

Hypermedia 
content of system hypergraph

* WIKIDATA 


## MONDAY 2022-12-05 0900 UTC 1430 IST
* dictionaries
* py4ami pdf2html is being refactored 
* @Karthikeyan V and @Parasu Nagesh Sunag
* review of proposal
* flow HTML for Chapters. 
@Peter Murray-Rust
early thoughts about January hackathon @Shweata Hegde
### Meeting 
* Doing central program 
* Dict. most important to show to the world 
#### putting proposal to UNDP
* Grants putting can be sensitive
* wikimedia grants can be sensitive

#### We are looking forward for contact here for large organisation

* AXEL: 
1) how to get funding from wikimedia 
* we got funded by wikimedia thrice

#### our Dict. are ontology 
- structured terminology, links

#### summerisation
summerise chapter
* GPT3: open access is available

* Automated Dict. observation
* False negative
* true positive 

## Tuesday 2022-12-06 0900UTC 1430IST 
* No dictionary" is NOT acceptable. We need 3 dictionaries for each chapter. There must be no obvious false positives (e.g. not "total pages") - that may need manual * * filtering
* abbreviations
* words/phrases (docanalysis)
* manual
* For each dictionary, In order of value. Do as much as you can
* a list of words/phrases
* a valid XML file wth <entry>
* wikidata IDs with ambiguities
* wikidata IDs resolved, with description

 ### Word-cloud 
 prototype software
 
* software issue dicussion
 
#### DICT Classification 
* chapter specification
* climate specific
* More general
 
 - link to wikidataID
 
